docs: add data path diagrams for V1 and V2 Data Engines (#1433)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.13.0/concepts.md

{{< figure alt="read/write data flow between the volume, controller instance, replica instances, and disks" src="/img/diagrams/architecture/how-longhorn-works-with-kubernetes.svg" >}}

## 1.2. V1 and V2 Data Engine Data Paths

### 1.2.1. V1 Data Engine

For V1 volumes, I/O flows from the application through the filesystem and iSCSI block device to the `longhorn tgt` service, which forwards the I/O to the Longhorn Engine process over a Unix domain socket using a customized protocol. The Engine forwards the I/O to the Longhorn replica processes on multiple nodes over TCP using a customized protocol, and each replica process stores the volume data in a sparse file on the filesystem.

> The Engine provides strong consistency for writes: it only acknowledges a write to the application after the write completes on all replicas, and it marks a replica as failed if that replica's I/O times out. For reads, the Engine retrieves data from the replicas using a round-robin strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For V1 volumes, I/O follows this path:
1. I/O flows from the application, through the filesystem and **iSCSI block device**, to the **`longhorn tgt` service**.
2. The service forwards the I/O to the **Longhorn Engine process** over a Unix domain socket using a customized protocol.
3. The Engine forwards the I/O to **Longhorn replica processes** on multiple nodes over TCP.
4. Each replica process stores the volume data in a sparse file on the filesystem.

The Engine provides strong consistency for writes: it acknowledges a write to the application *only* after the write completes on all replicas, and it marks a replica as failed if its I/O times out. For reads, the Engine retrieves data from the replicas using a round-robin strategy.
```

{{< figure alt="V1 Data Engine data path from the application to Longhorn replica processes" src="/img/diagrams/architecture/v1-data-path.png" width="750" >}}

### 1.2.2. V2 Data Engine

For V2 volumes, I/O flows from the application through the filesystem and NVMe-oF block device to the SPDK target daemon, which exposes the Longhorn Engine instance as an SPDK RAID1 block device (bdev). The Engine instance forwards the I/O to the SPDK target daemons on multiple nodes over NVMe-oF using TCP, and each replica instance is an SPDK logical volume that stores the volume data on a raw block device.

> As with the V1 Data Engine, writes are acknowledged to the application only after they complete on all replicas, a replica is marked as failed if its I/O times out, and reads are retrieved from the replicas using a round-robin strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For V2 volumes, I/O follows this path:
1. I/O flows from the application, through the filesystem and **NVMe-oF block device**, to the **SPDK target daemon** (which exposes the Longhorn Engine instance as an SPDK RAID1 block device).
2. The Engine instance forwards the I/O to the SPDK target daemons on multiple nodes over NVMe-oF using TCP.
3. Each replica instance acts as an SPDK logical volume that stores the volume data on a raw block device.

As with the V1 Data Engine, writes are acknowledged to the application *only* after they complete on all replicas, a replica is marked as failed if its I/O times out, and reads are retrieved from the replicas using a round-robin strategy.
```
